Previously on force...
Where the fuck's the fucking money?
- Fuck! Fuck!
- Fuck.
Let's schedule this press conference
so that we can formally announce.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Who's that girl?
- I'm rae Thompson.
- I'm Jayson. Booker.
I'm announcing my candidacy
for mayor of Chicago.
If I'm elected. I expect to continue
my professional working
relationship with cpd.
Tell me everything
you got on that fed bitch.
She's desperate for cash. and you got it.
Let's see if that bitch
can resist my money.
His name is Colin
judge. We used to party.
And you were there when it happened?
I saw this guy kill Colin.
When Tommy walked in
on us last night with d-Mac...
Thought we was gonna
have to Bury that nigga.
We gonna have to
Bury someone else soon.
If I do this shit. I get to meet che.
I'm alone out here.
cloudy. and I'm scared.
You won't be alone for long.
I have one more card to play.
If I divulge. I am dead
in here within 24 hours.
Get egan confessing to moving drugs
for the estrada cartel.
He's too smart for that.
But we can get him
on attempted murder.
Why are you so sure
he'll come after you?
Because I took something
from him he can never have back.
Make 'em suffer.
I will.
Go. wheelie! Go. wheelie!
- Go. wheelie! Go. wheelie!
- Get it. wheelie!
There it is!
Go. wheelie! Go. wheelie!
Boy. y'all never saw the
stanky legg with no legs?
I see you. bro.
Hey. that boy do be killin' em?
Hell yeah. that shit kinda cool.
I'll take cash. credit.
motherfuckers. Grams too.
But if y'all really feelin' generous.
donate me a knee!
Come on. wheelie. man.
I'ma break you off something.
Give that to my man. You know I got you.
Shit! Yo. man.
- Yerp!
- Yo.
Those are some CBI
motherfuckers right there.
Ain't they fuckin' with that
guy that shot you a while back?
Tommy egan?
Let's smoke these bitches.
Hey. who the fuck is rollin' up on us?
Shorty badder than a motherfucker.
How you doin'. beautiful?
CBI killers! CBI killers!
Get back! Get back!
Fuckin' yardies!
Yardies. bitch!
Fuck!
Fuckin' wheelie. man.
This is crazy!
You don't have to do any of this.
We could just jump on my
parents' jet and go to Barbados.
or wherever they can't extradite you.
Okay.
And how am I supposed to get away?
With all of the security
the feds have on us.
I need to serve up Tommy
first. get them off my back.
But letting them use you as bait?
- He wants to kill you!
- Then let him try.
When he does. they'll arrest
him for attempted murder!
He'll go away for life.
And if he succeeds?
Then what?
He won't. The feds will protect me.
How? Isn't the whole
reason you got arrested
because Tommy egan
fooled them to begin with?
I can outsmart him. Elise.
And what about Ortega?
He's gonna find out you're cooperating.
I'll convince him...
That I got out because you...
Posted bail.
And I won't testify against him.
We'll be gone long before that.
I don't know.
Just give me a couple days.
We'll be on some
beach before you know it.
Okay?
Just trust me.
Elise!
Are you just getting home?
Yeah. Sorry to wake you.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. fine.
I'm sorry. babe.
I gotta go right back out.
Should I be worried. Tommy?
I lost a friend who was really dear to me.
Her name was Liliana.
She was just a friend.
She got killed in the game.
Right before I met you.
I'm so sorry. Tommy.
I finally got a way to make shit right.
Hey.
Be careful. okay?
Careful ain't really my
first instinct right now.
I know.
But just try.
Claudia.
Tommy.
I was wondering how long
it would take you to call.
You was waiting by
the phone for my call?
Elise gon' be so mad.
What do you want?
I finally figured out a way
for us to Bury the hatchet.
Let's meet.
You think I'm fucking stupid?
Claudia. if I wanted you dead.
you never would have
made it through last night.
The fact is.
your pal Ortega can't
be happy that you's out.
Which means me and you...
We both targets of
the Marquez cartel now.
Let's figure out a way
to... Deal with them.
Together.
Where do you wanna meet?
Empty lot.
16th and canal.
Noon.
And this should go without saying. but...
Come alone.
Mr. Lawrence. ma'am.
Thanks. Elena.
Thank you for coming by. judson.
If you've asked me here to
try and get my support. Stacy...
- I'm not sure it'll help you.
- How's that?
Well. that little civil rights
investigation of yours
was a black eye for the department.
Cops have long memories.
It wasn't my investigation. It was DOJ's.
And discrimination in cpd was rampant.
I did what I thought was right.
Are you here to defend
yourself. or to elicit my help?
Look. judson. I know
you're not a fan of mine.
But your choice is between
me. a lifelong prosecutor.
or my opponent. who
probably has "defund the police"
tattooed across her ass.
I can't win the mayoral
race without union backing.
What's in it for me?
What do you need?
My wife and I have
our eyes on a new boat.
A hundred thousand would
sure help with the down payment.
You know I can't do that.
The Stacy marks I know can
do anything she puts her mind to.
What I can offer is
that when I am mayor.
I'll handpick a police
superintendent of your choosing.
I'm not sure the two options balance out.
I can also guarantee
that the mayor's office
will take its boot off of cpd's neck.
That seems worth it to me.
I can live with that.
I'll ensure that you
have strong cpd presence
at your campaign event.
Let's get this done together.
What you doin' here?
Good mornin' to you too.
You heard from Kate?
No. I haven't.
But I know you didn't come
here to ask about our mother.
- so what's wrong?
- You right.
I wanted to talk to you about d-Mac.
- Is everything okay?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
No. he's fine. Just didn't want you
to hear this from nowhere else.
D-Mac's back in CBI.
What?
Calm down. jp.
It's really the best thing for him.
How is my son gang banging
the best thing for him?
Because he ain't gon' be "gang banging."
He's gonna be hustlin'. with me.
and then I can keep an eye on him.
Yeah? Like you did when he shot a cop?
I fuckin' trusted you. Tommy.
At least to keep him on the sideline.
Look. jp. he's back in
the game. Simple as that.
You can't change
that. I can't change that.
So you need to get on
fucking board with this.
No. I don't need to get on board with shit.
Especially with a guy who
was gonna watch our mother die.
Them fucking yardies. man.
They killed wheelie.
So why are the yardies
taking shots at us?
'Cause they lookin' to make a play. d.
You punch the biggest nigga in the room.
suddenly everybody know your name.
Yeah. or that nigga Tommy
killed one of they men
when he first got to town.
and maybe they boss
just didn't like that shit.
So you think this is
payback from zamost?
Nigga. most fuckin' definitely.
Bones.
I want you to put all
the guys on high alert.
I want you to secure all our spots.
And I want everybody
ready for another wild-ass hit.
Nigga. say less.
We gotta make a move. d.
Come on now.
I know yo' ass ain't over there
thinkin' about calling that white boy.
He's my partner. bro.
And he also the reason
motherfuckers keep gettin' shot.
What the fuck is wrong wit' you?
What's the play?
See. that's what the fuck
I'm talking about. A'ight?
I say we hit the motherfuckers back. bro.
and we hit 'em hard. That's the play.
Fuck we sittin' here for?
That could be one move.
Okay. then what the
fuck is the other. then?
Tell me something. 'Cause I'm...
I'm not understandin' you. d.
Bring them into the coalition.
What the fuck is wrong wit' you. nigga?
We not bringin' 'em in
no motherfucking coalition.
Bro. these motherfuckers
just smoked one of our niggas
and you wanna reward 'em for the shit?
It'd be open season on CBI if we do that.
Okay? And besides. these
motherfuckin' yardie niggas.
they ebd. bro.
Everybody dead. nigga.
They don't fuck with nobody.
They ain't no goddamn joiners.
And that's why they a good get.
It will show the people the power of CBI.
And plus. the yardies got
plenty of territory and bodies.
How the fuck you gonna explain
that shit to bones? Big smurf?
I ain't got to sell shit to nobody.
This ain't no fuckin' Walmart!
I'm the head of CBI.
A'ight. A'ight.
But. nigga...
I still think there need
to be a price to pay.
Well. I never said this shit was free.
Now set the meet with zamost.
All right. I got you.
Are you sure he said noon?
Yes. You sure you got me covered?
Relax.
We've got people all over the perimeter.
and you're wearin' a vest.
Yeah. That's not gonna help
me if he puts a bullet in my head.
We went through this.
Just get him talking.
If you can get him to admit
to putting a hit on you in jail.
we can move in before
he tries anything here.
Who the fuck you talkin' to. Claudia?
Could be any of these guys.
Nah...
But it's probably them.
You said noon.
Yeah. I also said. "come alone."
I ain't gonna fuck with you
if you can't play it straight. Claudia.
Are we getting any of this?
We can't hear what he's saying.
You really didn't think I'd trust that whole
teaming up together bullshit. did you?
I mean. you did hire
someone to try and kill me in jail
'cause you think I killed Liliana.
I ain't got no clue who you talkin' 'bout.
But you a survivor. I'll give you that.
You're like a cockroach
running around at my feet.
So why should I trust that
you won't just stomp on me?
Because business always been
the most important thing to me.
We're already in business
selling coke in the Viagra triangle clubs.
You sellin' illegal narcotics
in some place called the Viagra triangle?
You shouldn't say shit
like that out loud. Claudia.
You never know who might be listening.
Damnit.
I can let bygones be bygones.
Can you?
Think about it.
I'll be in touch.
Now what?
Fuck!
Thanks for watching the
place while I was gone.
Clearly you're confused.
Place is mine now. sis.
The fuck it is.
Our father owned it. not you.
He left me everything. and
possession is nine-tenths.
Well. you been doing a great job.
I heard Tommy gave
some of the Irish bars to the Albanians.
Why are you being
such a weak-ass bitch?
Fuck off. claud.
Seriously.
You do know Tommy's gonna use you...
Then kill you.
Why haven't you taken him out yet?
Me and what army?
We threw dead-ass
hitters from Ireland at him
and he came out unscathed.
and the rest of our muscle
got killed at the mansion.
Tommy has a whole coalition
and half of Chicago now.
I kill him. I start a war the Irish can't win.
Well. you can't just
let him ruin everything
our family has built up north.
Right. Let me guess. you have a plan?
Do I end up dead at
the end of that one too?
Ever since Tommy showed up.
things have gone to shit for us.
And yes. we fought.
and I am so sorry for my part.
But god help an outsider
who came for one of us.
We're flynns. Vic.
And we can't let that motherfucker
take over our family legacy.
Help me take him down once and for all.
Please.
How'd you get outta jail. claud?
You cooperating?
You wearin' a wire right now?
That's rich coming from you.
What. you wanna strip
search your sister? Go ahead.
No. actually.
I don't want anything to do with you.
- I'm done.
- Okay. baby brother.
When Tommy has a gun to your head.
and he's about to pull the trigger.
just remember I made you the offer.
Excuse me.
- Who's this?
- None of your fucking business.
Goodbye.
You can do better. honey.
Much better.
And I say that as his sister.
- That's your sister?
- Ignore her.
All right? It's okay.
It's good to see you.
And if elected mayor...
I am committed to bringing
down this city's violent crime rate.
But taking back our city is not
something that I can do alone.
With the brave men and women
of the Chicago police department.
we can keep our streets safe.
- My god.
- Just now?
They all turned around.
I am Stacy marks. and
I am running for mayor.
I am committed to this city.
Thank you. God bless Chicago.
You want a drink?
It's a little early.
Well. it's five o'clock somewhere.
Your sister... She looked familiar.
Rae. look...
I should tell you something. Okay?
My name's not Jayson booker.
What?
Wait. That was Claudia Flynn.
I saw her on the news.
- Rae. I can explain.
- Wait. you're a Flynn?
Why would you...
My god. the campaign.
The donation. You fucking used me.
- You've been playing me?
- No.
I-I mean yes. in the
beginning. but not now.
My god. I'm such an idiot.
- Rae. please don't go.
- Don't touch me.
Rae. my feelings are real.
Look. I won't tell anyone. I swear.
Okay? Please don't hurt me.
- I'm not gonna hurt you.
- Please.
I could never hurt you.
Look. just listen to me. okay?
When we first met. yes.
I was trying to use you
to get free from Stacy.
But then... we started
spending time together.
And I'm feeling something here.
You can leave if you want
to. I'm not gonna do anything.
But please believe me when I tell you
what's been happening
between us is real.
You swear?
I'm willing to let you walk out right now
and blow my whole
life up to prove it to you.
I'll take that drink now.
Well. you just fucked me.
That bullshit is gonna be running
on every news outlet later on tonight.
Like I said. cops have long memories.
There's no way that I
can come back from that.
But there is a way.
and I told you what it was this morning.
Although the price
just went up 50 percent.
Jesus Christ. that's extortion.
Well. this is Chicago.
And if you want cpd
support. you'll play ball.
And how the fuck am I supposed
to raise that kinda cash after that?
You're a resourceful woman.
I'm sure you'll find a way.
- Can I take a picture?
- Yes.
- You see your sister lately?
- Yeah. she just came to see me.
but you probably knew that already.
Yeah. What did she want?
Connection? Kiss and make up?
I don't fuckin' know. And I don't care.
Y'all didn't compare
notes on your fed handlers?
Why are you so sure she's snitching?
'Cause she just showed
up at a meet with me
trailing feds like the pied fucking Piper.
- Hold on. You said a meet?
- Yeah.
You trying to work with her or kill her?
What the fuck do you care?
All of a sudden. you got
feelings for your sister?
Fuck no.
Matter of fact. you can do
whatever you want with her.
Thanks. Vic.
'Cause I'm guessing...
That Stacy marks
running your sister too.
She ain't say nothing about
how she plan on using claud?
I don't know. Tommy. It's not like we have
nightly calls to catch each other up.
We gotta keep that
fed bitch under control.
Yeah. we do. Check this shit out.
What's this?
Keep our streets safe.
Look at the cops turn their back on her.
That's today?
Yeah. look. don't fuck with her.
Shit.
- That shit gotta hurt.
- Right.
Why don't you use the
campaign donation as leverage.
get her under your thumb?
Yeah. a'ight. We could
pull the trigger on that.
But I'ma need somethin' else to flip her.
'Cause she gonna push back. hard.
You a snitch. How'd she flip you?
She threatened me.
Said she had two eyewitnesses
on me killing that piece of shit Colin.
Who?
You know. when you
first rolled through town.
- Deal that went south.
- With the two kids?
No. no. no. The dude from the art gallery.
Yeah!
There was fat Tony -
and. and then the girl.
Right.
She said that one of
them witnessed that?
You know anything about that girl?
Nah. except a couple weeks
before. Colin was bragging about
fucking some art academy student.
Art academy?
I assume you're here
to demand retribution
for a fallen soldier?
I didn't know we were at war.
We weren't until you started
fuckin' with Tommy egan.
He killed one of my men
when he got to Chicago.
Consider this payback.
Well. we here to talk business. zamost.
Not war.
What the fuck you talkin' about?
Look. if you know
we're fuckin' with egan.
then you know we got a coalition.
So it's about combinin' our
forces to make more money.
That mean we can put
the lid on all that bullshit
that's causing all the violence
and keepin' the cops out of our business.
We just killed one of your guys
and you're here asking
me to join your club?
I'm asking do you want to make money?
We got discount prices.
Quality of our shit unmatched.
Gimme that shit. bitch.
Now tell me that ain't
the best shit you ever had.
I told you these niggas was bitch-made.
Not bad.
See. zamost. we ain't on no goofy shit.
We tired of the violence. man.
So I got ten bricks for you and your crew.
Twenty-nine a key.
- What's the entry price to join?
- Nothing.
But we can't do business
if we don't lay down arms.
You first.
All right.
We're good.
Come on.
Yeah. your turn.
All right.
Let's do business.
Yeah. but there's just one little thing.
You gonna have to serve
this motherfucker up first.
Yo. you just said there was no cost.
Yeah. well. motherfucker. we lied.
Man. shut the fuck up!
I told you the hit was
payback for egan's mistake.
So either we can do business.
or you can fuckin' bounce.
Wrong fuckin' answer.
Look at you. bitch-made motherfucker.
Fuck you. you bitch-ass nigga!
Fuck you! Fuck you!
Fuck you!
For fuckin' wheelie. bitch!
Come on. he's dead. bro.
Fuckin' cocksuckers!
You shoulda just served
the motherfucker up.
You woulda made so much money.
Goddamn. d.
You said we need to
let motherfuckers know
that it ain't open season on CBI.
Now tell the guys they need to hang
these motherfuckers out to dry.
Make the feds think it's some cartel shit.
And put the word out that CBI's
taking over yardies' territory.
Hell yeah. nigga.
I'm gon' give a call to che.
Make sure we set up a meet.
He need to know about this.
Hey. I can roll wit' you
to that though. right?
Come on. bro. I helped
with the king kilo shit. d-Mac...
relax. bro. You ain't
gotta convince me. You in.
Ooh. yeah. Look at that.
I like what you did there.
Do I know you?
We met once.
I'll give you a hint.
The art studio... Wasn't
too different than this.
Was it an opening?
More like a closing.
My god.
You were there when Colin...
Colin closed shop. yeah.
My god. What the fuck?
Hey. Alicia.
Calm down.
What are you gonna do.
shoot me in front of everybody?
I don't want to.
In fact...
I'm here to offer you $25.000.
Cash.
But you gotta keep your mouth shut.
and you gotta help me.
With what?
You cooperated with the feds.
And you told 'em that
Vic Flynn was the one...
I didn't have a choice.
Hey. what'd I just tell you?
Calm down. It's all good.
Keep paintin'. Smile. There you go.
There was a prosecutor
there. You remember her?
What about her?
You're gonna tell me about her.
And me and you...
We gonna make a little video.
And if you keep your mouth shut.
you're gonna be $25.000 richer
and everything gon' be fine.
You're sending me "meet me now" texts?
You work for me. Remember?
I'm here to help your campaign.
What the fuck do you
know about my campaign?
I know you're hurting for cash.
Maybe pagent inc. Could
make another donation.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
what the fuck is this?
I think the better question
is. who the fuck is this?
I'm pagent inc.
Now see. that's no way
to treat your biggest donor.
Usually it's more like.
"shit! Nice to meet you."
"What could I do for
you after I'm elected?"
You don't really think that
money buys you anything. do you?
I don't know. stac.
How do you think it's gonna look
when it comes out that you took money
from the same drug dealer
you've been trying to
build a case against?
You been playing me?
With him?
How fucking long?
It don't matter.
You're an idiot.
He's gonna chew you up. spit you out.
then put a fucking bullet in your head.
There's no way this ends well for you.
And look. I didn't know that
the money came from you.
I'll just return it.
Or... You could try to get over
this terrible. horrible.
no-good. shitty day you've been having.
Seems to me the best way to
get over losing cpd's support is...
More money.
So... so you think that I'm
desperate enough to become mayor
that I'm willing to give up
everything that I stand
for. everything that I've built.
to jump in your pocket
for a little bit of cash?
Think again. motherfucker.
Nah. I don't think you'll do it for cash.
But I do think you'll do it because of this.
I met with a federal
prosecutor. Stacy marks.
She wanted me to ID
someone named Vic Flynn
as the guy who shot Colin judge.
And first she threatened me.
and when I wouldn't go
along. she offered me $25.000.
Cash.
And I'm a starving art
student. so... I took it.
That's a fucking lie.
You tampered with a federal witness.
I can put the fucking
cuffs on you right now.
You could do that. but then
this will explode in the media.
So what?
Who do you think they're gonna believe?
Me...
- Or a drug dealer?
- You right.
You could definitely say that she's lying.
or that I'm trying to extort you
by donating to your
campaign. but... fuck me. Stacy.
This whole thing sound
like a fucking shitshow.
You runnin' as the
squeaky-clean candidate.
Yet here you are. all kind of messy.
- What you think. Vic?
- I think DOJ
probably opens an ethics investigation.
Right? Yeah.
I mean. you might could get another job.
but it's hard to scrape
that smell of shit off you
when you fall in the sewer.
I can almost hear them
gears grindin' up there.
Let me make it simple for you.
This right here?
This blows up your career. Poof. gone.
But this...
This keeps you safe.
And it makes you mayor.
Good decision.
Now you work for me.
First thing I need you to do.
pull your people off of Claudia.
No.
There's no way I can do
that without raising suspicion.
Then pull 'em off her girlfriend.
I'll talk to you soon.
Appreciate this last-minute meet. che.
We got a new territory.
So I wanted to talk to you...
who the fuck is this?
See. when I get into
business with people...
I like to deal with the same faces.
Inconsistencies are like a cancer.
So where's your partner. Sampson?
Somethin' I should know?
No. it's all good.
Tommy just got some
other shit goin' on right now.
Che. that's my brother. jenard.
Now. he ran CBI while
I was on the inside.
So you can just consider
him a... an extension of me.
My blood.
I mean. hell. che. he
wouldn't... he wouldn't be here
unless I trusted him.
I'm hearing you moved on another gang.
Yeah. The yardies.
How many times I have to
tell you not to start a war?
And I understand that. che.
But it was relatively bloodless.
And-and we ain't get no
pushback from nobody.
A'ight? No war in the streets.
The shit's been handled.
So we came here to
ask for more product.
'Cause. che. we ain't
gon' cost you money.
We gon' make you more of it.
That's right.
You shoulda led with that.
Yo.
- What's goin' on?
- We got a package.
From Kate.
What is it?
I don't know. I didn't open it.
Why not? It ain't a bomb.
Well. it's addressed to both of us.
You're too fuckin' polite.
"You two are brothers...
Despite your differences."
"Don't fuck that up."
"Kate."
The woman's always
had a way with words.
I think I know what she's trying to say.
You smarter than me. then.
You know. this shit's
not that bad. actually.
I mean. she do realize that
she's the one that
gave up drinking. right?
- Not us.
- Tommy...
- About earlier...
- no. no. no.
- Forget about it.
- No.
No.
You were right.
Darnell... d-Mac...
He's gonna do what he's gonna do.
And I can't control that.
But if he's going to do it.
he's safer doing it with you.
Thanks. jp.
I'ma keep an eye on him. I promise.
You... you think Kate
can stay sober this time?
I think Kate trying to
rescue the last bit of wine
at the bottom of a box right now.
Nah. I mean. I don't know. man.
She ain't never done it before.
Not long term. anyway.
One time...
She did it for. like. maybe...
If I'm not exaggerating. two weeks.
I was...
Eight or nine.
Right before ghost moved in with us.
I came home from
school. I opened the door.
and I hear. "Tommy! Close the door!"
I'm like. "why?" She said...
"I got seven pigeons."
Yeah. she was gonna adopt them.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Why?
- I don't know.
I guess she just needed something
to keep her mind occupied.
Well. what happened?
- To what. the pigeons?
- Yeah.
They died. She forgot to feed 'em.
That's fuckin' Kate.
Well. maybe this time'll be different.
To Kate staying sober.
Promise me you won't
keep your hopes up.
To Kate.
So what's our next move?
You meet with him again.
How is that a good plan?
If I meet with him
again. I have to go alone.
Why the fuck would I do that?
Because...
I wouldn't object if Tommy was the one
who didn't walk away from the meeting.
Are you saying what
I think you're saying?
I'm saying...
Tommy fucking egan
is a noxious. toxic piece of garbage.
And no one is gonna cry
crocodile tears over his grave.
And why should I trust
that this isn't a setup?
Because... There's a deal attached.
If Tommy is...
Taken out of the equation.
I'll let you into the gap.
All you have to do is serve me up
the occasional piece of
red meat. and. as mayor...
I'll arrange it so you
can operate unimpeded
here in Chicago.
What about testifying against Ortega?
Forget about all that.
Okay.
How do you want me to approach this?
You set up the meet.
You draw him out.
Then you get into his loft.
His loft?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Tommy probably has that place
locked up tighter than fort Knox.
How the hell am I supposed
to get past all that security?
Claudia. I'm the federal government.
We have ways.
What about those goons outside?
Tell them you have
to use the ladies' room.
There's another door inside
that leads to the other hallway.
It takes a key card. but
I left it propped open.
What did Tommy do to you?
He took away something
that I can never get back.
I need to use the ladies' room.
- No. no. no. no. no!
- No. ma'am.
No. no. no! My baby!
- No! Please. god. no!
- Come on. Come on.
What's happening in there?
It's fucked up.
It's a five-year-old kid.
He shot himself with the boyfriend's gun.
My god...
If the gun's usually locked
up. how did he get to it?
I don't know. I don't know!
You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Why are you getting so emotional?
You've seen worse than that.
and you didn't even treat him.
I don't know.
Probably getting your period.
You're runnin' with Tommy egan?
It's not the way it looks.
Yeah?
'Cause it looks like
he's walking all over you.
A bunch of fucking Albanians
rolled into O'Malley's
and Finnegan's wake
and pushed us out.
Said that they're
working with Tommy egan
and that they run the joints now.
You're not gonna just...
Sit back and let the fucking Albanians
take everything the Irish
have built up all these years. are you?
Talking about the
fucking Flynn legacy here.
I know what the fuck
we're talking about. Jimmy!
We don't have the men!
I'm working another angle
to get rid of egan. I just...
I need some time.
We do have the men.
We'll put the word out.
Get a bunch of players
from Milwaukee and New York to help.
But we need a leader.
Your father's men.
his... his infrastructure.
they're loyal to you.
Well. goddamn then.
Let's hit him where it hurts.
We'll make the calls tonight.
Yo. Elise!
I just wanna talk.
I have nothing to say to you.
Then just listen.
Claudia's desperate.
Of course she's desperate.
You made her desperate.
Yeah. maybe. But
she's like a cornered lion.
She dangerous for everybody.
You think she love you. but she don't.
Look. she using you.
'Cause that's all she know how to do.
I mean. she'll keep you around
till she don't need you no more.
She gonna kill you.
Just like she did to our Dahlia connect.
What the fuck are you talking about?
She never told you about that?
Yeah. she was fucking the
girl that brought us Dahlia.
And just like you...
That girl thought that Claudia loved her.
I mean. that is until Claudia stabbed her
in the back of the fucking
head with an ice pick
because she pissed her off.
Claudia's never killed anyone.
No? Your girl caught a few bodies.
And if you ain't careful. you next.
That's why I'm here.
To make you an offer.
So you can walk away
from all this bullshit.
That's a million dollars.
Along with whatever you got in your bag.
All's you need to do...
Tell me what Claudia's plans are.
Where is she. Elise?
Claudia would never betray me.
You sure about that?
My god.
This is Claudia. Leave a message.
Claud. it's me.
You were right about the north side.
I'm gonna take care of it.
You don't have to worry
about the Flynn name.
Dad's legacy will be safe.
I wanna help you with that problem
you came to me about. all right?
Call me back.
Put the gun down. Claudia.
How the fuck did you
know I was coming?
Your girl Elise gave you up.
I sent her on her way.
She wasn't built for this life.
Yeah. well. from where I'm sittin'.
you wasn't neither.
Now put... the gun... down.
Okay. I'm gonna put it right over here.
Okay?
I didn't think you had it in you. Claudia!
Story of my life.
Everyone always underestimating me.
You killed Liliana.
I did.
I killed Liliana!
You still with us. Tommy?
Say something. motherfucker!
You really are the
baddest Flynn. Claudia.
I respect you.
More than your scumbag brother.
Or your fuckin' father.
But this is for my friend.
She's all yours now. Liliana.
Hey. this is diamond.
Can't come to the phone right now.
Hey. I need your help.
That Flynn bitch finally
dead and handled.
You makin' a statement.
leavin' a body like that.
Yeah. I know.
Go big or go home.
That's words to live by.
Listen. I asked you for help
'cause I wanna keep
this thing on the low.
I ain't no chatty Patty.
Yeah. I know. I appreciate that.
You still ridin' with jenard?
That motherfucker's feelin' himself
after him and diamond
took out the yardies.
What the fuck is you talking about?
The yardies hit CBI today.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I knew about that part.
Diamond and jenard hit back.
They took out the whole fucking gang.
For real?
These brothers...
They lookin' out for themselves.
Let's go now. We're not
waiting for the other passenger.
Fuck.
Mireya?
What are you doing?
What does it look like I'm doing?
Mireya. can you stop?
Please? I'm sorry.
I... I thought I was gonna
be home way before you.
Just let me take care of all this.
Well. thank god you're alive.
But what the hell. Tommy?
Was this...
About what you were telling
me this morning? Your friend?
Yeah. I dealt with it. It's done.
Obviously.
Okay. babe.
Look. I'm so sorry that
you had to see any of this.
Fuck. I-I... Are you okay?
Let me take care of this. okay?
And then I wanna hear
all about your big news.
It's nothing. I...
I made it to the final three
for the promotion at work.
The final three?
That's not nothing!
That's great!
Come here.
Congratulations.